Clarifications to Device specification and consistent terminology (#197)
harp-tech/protocol: Device.md

|[`R_SERIAL_NUMBER`](#r_serial_number-u16--device-serial-number)|No|No|U16|013|b)|Unique serial number of the device|Deprecated|
|[`R_CLOCK_CONFIG`](#r_clock_config-u8--synchronization-clock-configuration)|No|No|U8|014|b)|Synchronization clock configuration|Optional|
|[`R_TIMESTAMP_OFFSET`](#r_timestamp_offset-u8--clock-calibration-offset)|No|No|U8|015|b)|Configures an offset for Timestamp updates|Deprecated|
|[`R_UID`](#r_uid-16-bytes--unique-identifier)|No|Yes|U8|016|b)|Stores a unique identifier (UID) |Optional|
|[`R_TAG`](#r_tag-8-bytes--firmware-tag)|-|Yes|U8|017|b)|Firmware tag|Optional|
|[`R_HEARTBEAT`](#r_heartbeat-u16--device-status-information)|Yes|Yes|U16|018|b)|Monitors device status|Required|
|[`R_VERSION`](#r_version-u8--device-version-information)|-|Yes|U8|019|a)|Device version information|Required|

||a) These values MUST be stored during the firmware build process and are persistent, i.e. they SHALL NOT be changeable by the Controller.<br>b) Check register notes on the specific register explanation |
| :- | :- |

<!---
Tables can be generated here https://www.tablesgenerator.com/html_tables
Mermaid plots can be generated here: https://mermaid.live/
--->

> ### **`R_WHO_AM_I` (U16) – Product identifier**

Reviewer: I think this is has a strong implication where you are trying to push WhoAmI == PID (#29). I am not sure we should take this step without understanding what the WhoAmI means for other types of devices (e.g. non-usb physical devices, virtual devices, etc...).

| 4          	| Standby Mode.                                                                                            	|
| 2          	| Active Mode.                                                                                             	|
| 1          	| Speed Mode.                                                                                              	|
| 0.1        	| A critical error occurred. Only a hardware reset or a new power up can remove the Device from this Mode. 	|

> * **ALIVE_EN [Bit 7]:** If this bit is set, the Device SHOULD send an `Event` message every second with the contents of [`R_TIMESTAMP_SECOND`](#r_timestamp_second-u32--system-timestamp-seconds). This allows the Controller to check the status of the Device periodically. This feature is deprecated and may be removed from future protocol versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ALIVE_EN [Bit 7]:** If this bit is set, the Device SHOULD send an `Event` message every second with the contents of [`R_TIMESTAMP_SECOND`](#r_timestamp_second-u32--system-timestamp-seconds). This allows the Controller to check the status of the Device periodically. This feature is deprecated - in favor of [`R_HEARTBEAT`](#r_heartbeat-u16--heartbeat-register-reporting-the-current-status-of-the-device) - and may be removed from future protocol versions.
```

    -      :d6, after bit1, 3
```

> This register is read-only and used to provide status information about the Device. Any changes to the below bits are controlled by the Device and sent to the Controller through a periodic `Event` message. If periodic reporting is enabled by setting [`R_OPERATION_CTRL`](#r_operation_ctrl-u8--operation-mode-configuration) bit `HEARTBEAT_EN`, the event will be periodically emitted at a rate of 1 Hz, in sync with updates to the [`R_TIMESTAMP_SECOND`](#r_timestamp_second-u32--system-timestamp-seconds) register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This register is read-only and used to provide status information about the Device. Any changes to the below bits are controlled by the Device and sent to the Controller through a periodic `Event` message. If periodic reporting is enabled by setting [`R_OPERATION_CTRL`](#r_operation_ctrl-u8--operation-mode-configuration) bit `HEARTBEAT_EN`, the Device MUST emit a 1Hz periodic event, in sync with updates to the [`R_TIMESTAMP_SECOND`](#r_timestamp_second-u32--system-timestamp-seconds) register.
```
